New Perplexity Research 

 Customer Psychology & Behavior

  1. Decision Fatigue Patterns
    - How long do customers browse before making a purchase?
    - At what point do they abandon due to too many choices?
    - What's the optimal number of recommendations to show?
  2. Emotional Triggers
    - What words/phrases increase purchase likelihood? ("confidence",
  "sharp", "sophisticated"?)
    - How do customer emotions change throughout the buying journey?
    - What are the psychological barriers to buying formal wear online?
  3. Social Proof Dynamics
    - How do peer opinions influence formal wear choices?
    - What social media behaviors predict purchase intent?
    - How do wedding party dynamics affect group purchases?

  Missing Fashion Intelligence

  4. Micro-Trend Detection
    - What subtle style changes happen month-to-month?
    - How do local events (sports championships, cultural events) affect
  style choices?
    - What Instagram/TikTok trends translate to actual purchases?
  5. Body Language & Fit Preferences
    - How do different professions prefer their suits to fit?
    - What's the correlation between personality types and fit preferences?
    - How does age affect desired suit silhouette?
  6. Cultural & Regional Nuances
    - What are unspoken dress codes for different religious ceremonies?
    - How do style preferences vary between Detroit suburbs?
    - What are cultural color taboos we're missing?

  Advanced Personalization Data

  7. Lifestyle Indicators
    - How does commute type affect fabric preferences?
    - What's the correlation between workout habits and suit fit?
    - How do hobbies influence style choices?
  8. Career Trajectory Patterns
    - How do style needs evolve with career progression?
    - What signals indicate a customer is getting promoted?
    - When do professionals typically upgrade their wardrobe?
  9. Relationship Status Indicators
    - What purchase patterns indicate upcoming proposals?
    - How do style choices change post-engagement?
    - What are early indicators of wedding planning?

  Competitive Intelligence

  10. Price Sensitivity Mapping
    - At what price points do customers comparison shop?
    - What bundle discounts actually increase revenue vs. cannibalize
  sales?
    - How does financing option presentation affect conversion?
  11. Competitor Blind Spots
    - What questions do customers ask that competitors can't answer?
    - What style combinations do other retailers miss?
    - Where do competitors' size charts fail?

  Technical Style Details

  12. Fabric Performance Data
    - How do different fabrics perform in real-world conditions?
    - What's the actual lifespan of different suit constructions?
    - Which fabrics photograph best for different skin tones?
  13. Color Science Gaps
    - How do LED vs. natural lighting affect color perception?
    - What undertones work best for video calls?
    - How do colorblind customers perceive combinations?

  Event-Specific Intelligence

  14. Venue Microdata
    - What are lighting conditions at top 50 wedding venues?
    - How do specific venues affect outfit choices?
    - What are unwritten dress codes for elite country clubs?
  15. Seasonal Micro-Patterns
    - How do unseasonable weather patterns affect purchases?
    - What's the optimal inventory timing for graduation season?
    - How do holiday party trends differ from wedding trends?

  AI Training Gaps

  16. Conversation Dead Ends
    - What questions cause customers to leave chat?
    - Which style terms confuse our AI?
    - What slang/colloquialisms are we missing?
  17. Visual Recognition Gaps
    - What Instagram filters affect color matching accuracy?
    - How do different phone cameras distort suit colors?
    - What visual cues indicate quality to customers?

  Business Intelligence Needs

  18. Return Psychology
    - What mental models cause fit-related returns?
    - How do customers describe fit issues in their own words?
    - What would prevent a return before it happens?
  19. Loyalty Triggers
    - What creates emotional attachment to a clothing brand?
    - When do one-time prom customers become lifetime customers?
    - What makes customers recommend us to friends?
  20. Untapped Markets
    - What prevents non-traditional customers from buying suits?
    - How can we serve body types we currently miss?
    - What accessibility needs are we not addressing?

  Data Collection Methods

  - Perplexity AI Searches: Current fashion trends, competitor analysis,
  industry reports
  - Customer Surveys: Post-purchase psychology, fit preferences, event
  experiences
  - Social Media Mining: Instagram/TikTok trend analysis, style influencer
  patterns
  - Behavioral Analytics: Heatmaps, session recordings, abandonment
  analysis
  - Interview Series: Wedding planners, event coordinators, fashion
  stylists
  - A/B Testing: Message effectiveness, recommendation algorithms, pricing
  strategies

  Priority Research Areas

  1. Psychological triggers - Highest impact on conversion
  2. Micro-trends - Competitive advantage through early detection
  3. Cultural nuances - Reduce returns and increase satisfaction
  4. Event intelligence - Premium pricing opportunities
  5. Visual recognition - Reduce customer service load

  This research would fill critical gaps in our fashion intelligence and
  create a truly differentiated AI system that understands not just what
  customers want, but why they want it.





  STYLE QUESTIONS (25 Foundation Questions)
Color Coordination (5 questions)

"What colors go well with navy blue chinos?"
"Can I wear brown shoes with a grey suit?"
"What's the best shirt color for khaki pants?"
"How do I match patterns with solid colors?"
"Is it okay to wear black and navy together?"

Occasion Dressing (5 questions)

"What should I wear to a job interview at a tech company?"
"How do I dress for a first date at a nice restaurant?"
"What's appropriate for a business casual office?"
"What should I wear to a cocktail party?"
"How do I dress for a smart casual event?"

Fit & Silhouette (5 questions)

"How should a suit jacket fit properly?"
"What's the right length for dress pants?"
"Should I choose slim fit or regular fit shirts?"
"How tight should jeans be?"
"What's the proper sleeve length for a dress shirt?"

Wardrobe Building (5 questions)

"What are the 5 essential items every man needs?"
"How many suits should I own?"
"What's the most versatile shoe color?"
"Should I invest in expensive basics or buy more items?"
"What colors should form my wardrobe foundation?"

Seasonal & Fabric (5 questions)

"What fabrics are best for summer?"
"Can I wear linen to the office?"
"When should I wear wool vs cotton?"
"How do I layer clothes for fall?"
"What's the difference between merino wool and regular wool?"

💒 WEDDING/EVENT QUESTIONS (25 Foundation Questions)
Dress Codes (7 questions)

"What does 'black tie optional' mean?"
"Can I wear a navy suit to a black tie event?"
"What's the difference between cocktail and formal attire?"
"What should I wear to a beach wedding?"
"Is it okay to wear a black suit to a wedding?"
"What does 'festive attire' mean?"
"Can I wear jeans to a casual wedding?"

Wedding Guest Etiquette (6 questions)

"What colors should I avoid at a wedding?"
"Can I wear a white shirt to a wedding?"
"Should I match my date's outfit?"
"What should I wear to a morning wedding?"
"How formal should I dress for an evening reception?"
"Can I wear the same suit to ceremony and reception?"

Seasonal Events (6 questions)

"What should I wear to a summer garden party?"
"How do I dress for a winter formal event?"
"What's appropriate for an outdoor fall wedding?"
"What should I wear to a spring cocktail party?"
"How do I dress for a holiday office party?"
"What's suitable for a New Year's Eve party?"

Cultural & Religious Events (6 questions)

"What should I wear to a Jewish wedding?"
"How do I dress for an Indian wedding reception?"
"What's appropriate for a church wedding?"
"What should I wear to a graduation ceremony?"
"How formal should I dress for a baptism?"
"What's appropriate attire for a funeral?"

📞 CUSTOMER SERVICE QUESTIONS (25 Foundation Questions)
Sizing & Fit (7 questions)

"How do I know my correct suit size?"
"What's the difference between slim, regular, and relaxed fit?"
"How do I measure my inseam?"
"Do your shirts run true to size?"
"What size should I order if I'm between sizes?"
"How much will cotton shirts shrink?"
"What's your size chart for international customers?"

Orders & Shipping (6 questions)

"How long does standard shipping take?"
"Can I change my order after placing it?"
"Do you ship internationally?"
"How can I track my order?"
"What happens if my package is lost?"
"Can I have my order gift wrapped?"

Returns & Exchanges (6 questions)

"What's your return policy?"
"How do I exchange an item for a different size?"
"Can I return sale items?"
"How long do I have to return an item?"
"Do I need to pay for return shipping?"
"Can I return items bought online to a store?"

Product Care (6 questions)

"How do I care for wool suits?"
"Can I machine wash dress shirts?"
"How do I remove stains from silk ties?"
"What's the best way to store suits?"
"How often should I dry clean my suit?"
"How do I prevent dress shirts from yellowing?"

🏢 COMPANY INFO QUESTIONS (25 Foundation Questions)
About KCT (6 questions)

"What does KCT stand for?"
"When was KCT founded?"
"What makes KCT different from other menswear brands?"
"Do you have physical stores?"
"Where are KCT products made?"
"What's your sustainability policy?"

Products & Collections (7 questions)

"What brands do you carry?"
"Do you have a premium collection?"
"How often do you release new items?"
"Do you offer custom tailoring?"
"What's included in your essential collection?"
"Do you sell accessories?"
"What's your best-selling item?"

Services & Benefits (6 questions)

"Do you offer personal styling services?"
"What's your loyalty program?"
"Do you have a newsletter?"
"Can I schedule a fitting appointment?"
"Do you offer student discounts?"
"What payment methods do you accept?"

Policies & Support (6 questions)

"What's your price match policy?"
"How do I contact customer service?"
"What are your store hours?"
"Do you have a size guarantee?"
"What's your privacy policy?"
"How do I unsubscribe from emails?"

🔍 PRODUCT SEARCH QUESTIONS (25 Foundation Questions)
Specific Items (7 questions)

"Do you have navy blue suits?"
"Show me white dress shirts under $100"
"What chinos do you have in size 32?"
"Do you carry leather jackets?"
"Show me your wool coats"
"What ties match a grey suit?"
"Do you have casual Friday options?"

Budget & Value (6 questions)

"What's on sale right now?"
"What's your best value suit?"
"Show me items under $50"
"What's included in bundle deals?"
"Do you have any promotions?"
"What's the price range for your suits?"

Occasion-Based (6 questions)

"What do you recommend for a job interview?"
"Show me vacation wear"
"What's good for date night?"
"I need a wedding guest outfit"
"What works for business travel?"
"Show me weekend casual options"

Complete Outfits (6 questions)

"Can you create a complete outfit for me?"
"What goes with these navy chinos I bought?"
"Build me a work wardrobe under $1000"
"I need 3 outfits for a conference"
"What accessories complete this look?"
"Show me your most popular outfit combinations"


🚀 Next Steps: Implementation Plan
Now that we have our 125 foundation questions, here's the implementation approach:
Step 1: Generate API Answers (What we'll do next)
typescript// We'll have your Knowledge API answer each question
async function generateTrainingData() {
  const categories = {
    style: styleQuestions,
    wedding: weddingQuestions,
    service: serviceQuestions,
    company: companyQuestions,
    product: productQuestions
  };
  
  const trainingData = [];
  
  for (const [category, questions] of Object.entries(categories)) {
    for (const question of questions) {
      const answer = await knowledgeAPI.generateAnswer(question, category);
      trainingData.push({
        question,
        answer,
        category,
        patterns: extractPatterns(question),
        entities: extractEntities(question)
      });
    }
  }
  
  return trainingData;
}
Step 2: Create Variation Sets
After we have the base answers, we'll generate 3-5 variations of each question to make the bot more robust:
typescriptconst variationExamples = {
  original: "What colors go well with navy blue chinos?",
  variations: [
    "What matches navy pants?",
    "Best colors to wear with dark blue chinos?",
    "Navy chinos - what should I pair them with?",
    "How do I style navy blue pants?",
    "What tops work with navy bottoms?"
  ]
};
Step 3: Pattern Extraction
We'll identify the patterns each question teaches:
typescriptconst patternMap = {
  "What colors go well with navy blue chinos?": {
    patterns: ["color_matching", "specific_item_styling"],
    entities: ["navy blue", "chinos"],
    intent: "coordination_advice",
    responseFramework: "complementary_suggestions"
  }
};
Step 4: Train & Test
Create the training pipeline that uses these Q&As to build semantic understanding.

Would you like me to:

Help you set up the code to have your API answer all 125 questions?
Create the variation generator for each question?
Build the pattern extraction system?
Design the training pipeline architecture?

Let me know which step you'd like to tackle first, and I'll provide the specific implementation code!RetryClaude can make mistakes. Please double-check responses.Research Opus 4